Adyen migration guide to 0.24.0 (#1321)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/app-store/apps/adyen/migration-guides.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 3
title: Migration guides
---

This page contains notable functional changes introduced in the Adyen App.

:::note
We do our best to avoid breaking changes. However, some changes are required. Depending on how the system is configured,
some functional changes may be breaking.
:::

Below is the list of changes introduced in Adyen App releases

## v0.24.0 (September 2024)

This release changes when Transaction metadata will be set, based on Adyen response.

### Before this release:

Transaction metadata was updated in `transaction-initialize-session`, `transaction-process-session` webhooks and Adyen webhook handler.

In first two webhooks (sync) metadata was set eagerly, but not complete. It was possible that race condition occurred, causing incomplete metadata overwriting the complete one.
In the final Adyen webhook, metadata was delayed, but was complete.

### In this release:

Metadata will not be updated in `transaction-initialize-session` and `transaction-process-session` webhooks. Adyen webhook behavior will stay the same.

Metadata will be set only once, and it will be set lazy. Metadata will be complete.

### Migration guide

> Prior to this release, you may have been listening to `ORDER_UPDATED` event to access the Transaction metadata.

Reviewer: small suggestion so that it's clear previous webhooks will not include any metadata.

```suggestion
Prior to this release, you may have been listening to `ORDER_UPDATED`, `ORDER_CREATED`, `CHECKOUT_FULLY_PAID` events to access the Transaction's metadata. After this change the `TransactionItem` object will not have any `metadata` until it is updated by Adyen webhook
```
